Introducing examples using RVV vector reduction operations (#16)
nibrunie/rvv-examples: src/reduction/README.md

# Examples of use of RISC-V Vector Reduction operations

https://github.com/nibrunie/rvv-examples/tree/master/src/reduction

> This repository contains a few toy examples of vector workload using reduction operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a few toy examples of vector workloads using reduction operations.
```

Those examples are described in a blog post on https://fprox.substack.com.

# Using Docker as development environment

## Building the image

> The examples in this directory require an experimental RISC-V.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples in this directory require a RISC-V toolchain.
```

> This toolchain can be build inside a Docker container using one of the docker file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This toolchain can be build inside a Docker container using one of the docker files
```

present in this repository: https://github.com/nibrunie/rvv-examples/tree/master/riscv-toolchain-hub.Dockerfile

```
# from the top directory of rvv-examples repository
docker build -t riscv:rvv-examples-reduction -f riscv-toolchain-hub.Dockerfile . 
```

## Running the image in a container

```
# from the top directory of rvv-examples repository
docker run  -ti --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)"/,target=/home/app riscv:rvv-examples-reduction
```

# Building and executing reduction benchmarks

> From within the docker container previous built, you can run the reduction benchmarks easily:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From within the docker container previously built, you can run the reduction benchmarks easily:
```
